Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved.  Copyright
(c) 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics. All rights reserved.  Copyright (c)
1999-2011 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.  Copyright (c) 2008-2021
Ivan Maidanski

MIT license

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THESOFTWARE.

--------------------------------

A few files in the sysdeps directory were inherited in part from the
Boehm-Demers-Weiser conservative garbage collector, and are covered by its
license, which is similar in spirit:

THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program for any purpose,
provided the above notices are retained on all copies.  Permission to modify
the code and to distribute modified code is granted, provided the above notices
are retained, and a notice that the code was modified is included with the
above copyright notice.
